Sorry we're late. X is down and the internet was giving us trouble. Our camera wasn't charged.
I told Braden, I said, 'Well, we have a little bit of a delay, but that's all right.
We're here.'So, we're going to pray and we'll go over what was seen in the news.
Oh, the camera got moved. Son, is it okay? It got moved. Like that?
Yeah. Is it okay? Yep. Okay. You sure? Sorry. Did I bump it? There's already 15 here.
Let's just get started. We're late anyway. Well, good evening family. Thank you for joining me again tonight. Wow.
I have to say last night, if you were not a part of the prayer time—now, the beginning, I love the news articles, but when the glory comes in and I feel the presence of the Lord like I did last night, I think it was probably one of my top prayer times that I've had this year for sure.
After it was over, I didn't want to leave it. The presence of the Lord was so strong.
I could feel it all through the room and all through my house, and it's just so refreshing.
And as you spend time like that at the feet of the Father, there's nothing like it.
There's nothing like Him. Life-changing. One touch from the Lord will change your life forever.
One touch from the Father. I'm cold again, so I turned off the fan.
Diana got me a new fan that has buttons so I don't have to have him get up, so I can push the button, and when I get hot, I can put it on myself.
So I was like, 'Wow.'She got it for me for Father's Day. So I said, 'Look at that, baby.
Thank you.'She goes, 'You can push this button and I turn my fan on and I can turn my fan off.'I know the simple things, but I get excited about it.
Well, where do we start? Okay, we'll start with this. The Lord showed us time and time again to pray over the 14th, that there were plots and plans against Trump on his birthday.
And I kept, you know, when you see in part and you hear in part, you don't know what you're seeing. A lot of times I just keep praying into it.
Praying whatever the Lord has for you, and it's like Diana said, the Lord doesn't give you the whole puzzle.
You do one piece at a time. We talk about it all the time. He doesn't give you the whole picture a lot of times, Brandon.
He gives you a piece. It says, 'Pray over this. There are things about the 14th.'I said, 'The 14th was highlighted.'And I saw the Lord circling.
He said, 'Pray about the 14th and Trump's birthday for his 80th birthday.
Distractions are coming. Pray for his safety. Pray for him.
Pray for these No Kings rallies. Pray for New York.'And I saw fires.
I saw the new Steven Spielberg movie coming out and the aliens and talking about the 'Alien Files.'And they released that on the 13th.
And they had those people in those red outfits with the blonde hair, and it was really creepy. 100 million people, 17,000 shares.
It went viral in just a couple minutes and I thought, 'Is this it?'But I still felt there was something wrong, but I couldn't really put my finger on it. So, I just prayed over it.
And when really the fire in New York with the bus, I was like, 'Okay, that's kind of a big deal, I guess.'You know, if you live in New York, but it's not really a big distraction. And it's just people being stupid.
But I just kept praying and then when I saw he was going to the G7 summit and I saw him around Emmanuel Macron, and what the Lord has told me to pray about this going clear into tomorrow, he comes home on Wednesday.
Praying over his safety, praying over him as he is there and he departs around Pinocchio, you know, with the cocaine-snorting Pinocchio Zelenskyy.
And the Lord said—I saw him again walking around with Macron, and I said, 'This guy is a mole.
He is a weasel.'And I saw that Emmanuel Macron is a weasel and that Zelenskyy is a Pinocchio, and he is a puppet.
And here he was, as I told you all, what I saw about the billions of dollars that we've given them in aid.
A lot of it went to slush funds to fund corruption. And I saw biolabs.
I saw biolabs for things that were very dark in Ukraine. I saw secret missions with gold.
And I saw there was a lot of evil over this area. For how long now?
It seems like for over a year, two years going on, right? I mean, time flies, doesn't it?
So this morning, my dad texted me and he said, 'Did you see this?'And it was early this morning. And look at this right here. Do you have it?
'FBI Reveals alleged plot to attack White House, UFC event, and more top headlines.'Okay, they were going to use—'FBI breaks up alleged drone attack plot targeting White House, UFC event,'Fox News.
They were going to use these drones to cause mass casualties over his birthday party.
And the Lord kept putting his face before me. 'Pray over his birthday party.
Pray over his birthday party.'And without getting flaky and adding to or taking away from anything because it's real easy to do—add to, take away from you—you don't put your own thought.
Whatever wherever the Holy Spirit is leading you to do is what you do. You just are led by the Spirit.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
You are led by the Spirit of God. You don't get flaky and try to add your part to it. Why do you need to do that? You just follow the Holy Ghost.
And so, you know, I try really hard as a leader of all these people to just flow, but I know what I saw and I know it was accurate.
And the Lord said, 'Keep praying over this.'And I didn't let it go. I prayed all day. I prayed Saturday.
I took off and I prayed and prayed and prayed Saturday and I prayed over it for Sunday.
And then we had—He said, 'I want you to do a video Sunday.'So, we did Sunday.
And so, 'Group planned to attack White House, UFC event using snipers and drones,'FBI says.
And then, I don't remember, the FBI Director said we just averted a major mass casualty event. We just averted this.
It was in Twitter, it was in X, and they were talking about it in the news, and all these news people were talking about things, right?
So, the Lord said to watch from his birthday on into the 4th of July, for there's many more planned things like this concerning our water, concerning our electric grid.
I'm going to go over these things with you because this is how serious I feel it is, even today as I pray.
Our substations for our power plants, causing major power outages for up to three weeks plus in major cities: Philadelphia, I saw New York, and even smaller towns trying to cause disruption in 9-1-1 services.
And we've seen it. Do you have those, baby? Yeah. Okay. This is so important because this is what the Lord—I know, baby, you don't have to rush.
I'm throwing these things at you. Here's the 'California water system hit by Iran hackers.
Terrifying threat to drinking supply.'I said this is bad. People get sick with drinking that water if they didn't filter it right.
I guarantee you it's bad when you do filter it. Especially in California. I guarantee you. And so they keep recycling the water.
They just—it goes down the toilet and they pull it back and they just keep cleaning it and using it and cleaning it and using it and it's nasty.
And that's what they do in Dallas for work too, I think. And a lot of these other cities, probably even Oklahoma City, I don't know. It's filthy, gross.
But so I saw these attacks with trains—derailing trains with explosive devices on the tracks and the Lord said pray over the trains for big—it looked like propane tankers, looked like propane tanks, you know, like you have out in the country.
You have a 250-gallon propane tank. I saw that now. I saw that they would interfere—sorry, my neck—I saw that they would interfere with the 9-1-1 communications.
If everybody remembers and you follow me, I spoke specifically about cell phones and cell phone towers—AT&T and stuff like that.
You couldn't call because they were overloaded with some kind of an attack.
I saw SIM cards and things like that which they busted back on September 23, 2025.
And the Lord said to pray over 9/11 when there was a major event that took place in Boston.
As I was praying over the hospital with the major cross on it, at the Red Cross, I saw red.
Pray over this area and then Fenway Park. I believe it's Fenway, right? I see so many different things, y'all.
I don't want to get it all confused, but it was a park where the Boston Red Sox play. Pray over this. Pray over parades.
Pray over major gatherings for parades and firework displays for the 250th anniversary.
This is what I'm talking about when they busted this on September 23rd.
When we prayed over it, the Lord highlighted September 23rd for us for months.
We prayed over it and prayed over it, and it was about the UN; Benjamin went to the UN and everybody walked out on him.
All that happened back then—remember, almost a year ago—and they found all these SIM cards in New York and all the disruption to overload the 911 system.
And the Lord said, 'It is not just here. There's one in Chicago. There's one in Seattle.
And it goes across the nation.'I saw certain cities that had these.
Then we found out that they were making them in the back of a car to disrupt your stuff, with more sophisticated tech. This was very serious.
And so the Lord said, 'Watch concerning this: over 100,000 SIM cards.'This was a multi-million dollar operation, right?
Well, the Lord said, 'There's more of it, and they're not done.'And this was back in September.
I said, 'Y'all, remember Timothy McVeigh? Remember what happened?
I saw fertilizer in the back of vans. I saw fertilizer in big dump trucks.
I saw massive events planned with dump trucks that were armor-piercing.
They had welded steel plates all around the tires and all around the fronts of these dump trucks so that they were impenetrable by major artillery like shooting them.
They could go a long way with them trying to disassemble these trucks.
They had battering rams at the front of these trucks to run them through crowds and police barricades.
They had made trucks look like something out of a movie and the tires were impenetrable.
They made it where they are blocked by anybody trying to shoot their tires out.'I saw all this in visions.
I keep praying over it. I still see it, but I don't talk about it.
You know, some parts you give it to folks and you let them pray over it, and then some things I felt to rehearse.
And tonight I felt to rehearse it to tell you what the Lord is showing me concerning a Red Dawn experience in our nation—an enemy within, a new D-Day trying to bring forth this event.
President Trump is saying a lot of stuff. I'm concerned about some of what I'm hearing; I'm praying for him.
The Lord said to pray for his mind and that he takes no counsel from the ungodly. Praying over his decisions.
I saw it's midterm and he's getting desperate because we're getting closer to midterms. These are elections that are very serious.
And here we see the two bozos, just like the Lord warned me, that Macron and Zelenskyy will be friends.
Macron was being a puppet master to Zelenskyy, and his nose was growing as he was snorting coke.
Look, they're hanging out just like the Lord showed us back this time last year—January or February.
And the Lord said, 'Watch this alliance that's coming.'Good, X is working again.
We need Elon. This is very serious. This is a prophetic word and a prophetic vision.
These are warnings that the Lord is telling us to pray about.
We're seeing it in the news; we saw this months ago and now it's happening.
And the Lord said a great distraction and a black swan event to raise up war in Europe—World War II with a Hitler-type spirit.
Because the euro is in trouble; the money system in Europe is in trouble.
And I saw bankers—George and other people who were big money people.
George was one of them, talking directly to Lucifer, Satan.
They were having meetings with the devil; he would appear before these bankers in the visions.
They were trying to cause a One World Order, one world currency—digital.
How do we do this? The dollar's in the way. Trump's in the way.
He is a log in the road, a massive oak tree in the road to their plans to bring forth the digital One World Order, digital ID, and social credit scores.
He's the log in the road, the Lord said, for right now. And the Lord said you'll be so thankful that you had him in the days ahead because if we had Kamala Harris, you'd be in trouble.
We'd already be going down this path right now for Agenda 2030, and we're seeing it.
They're all hanging out. Look at his eyes; he isn't right. I said they're going to be friends in the days ahead.
Look at them, they're all buddies. This is what the Lord told us.
And then you see Rubio give the lady in Italy a hug and tap him on the shoulder and walk away because he knows how big of a slimeball he is.
Look, Rubio gives her a hug and says, 'Hi, how are you doing? Good to see you,'but he bypasses him.
I'm not even going to talk to you. But he talked to Carney though, for a second.
Yeah, he's a slimeball, too. So what we see about all this—y'all better pray.
A major uprising of this in this new One World Order. It's about the money system.
The euro is in trouble. I said a shaking of the euro, a shaking of things in the past.
And when this happens: war, war, war. I saw they're going to try to raise up war.
And then they said, 'Well, we're having peace. We want to disarm and stop.'And I said no, this is what we saw.
Maybe they'll come out with a peace agreement. I would love to be wrong concerning war.
It would be wonderful. I saw lavender on the fields and the people of Russia and Ukraine praying for peace.
They're losing 20,000 people a month, is what President Trump said today.
20,000 people a month are being lost—sons, husbands, grandfathers—it's needless.
What's Carney saying? He's talking about sanctions on Russia.
So he's joining up with the brotherhood. I told you Carney will start to come out. Are you pro-Russia, Brandon? No, I'm pro-not-war.
But I know what I've seen concerning these guys and what they've done with our tax dollars—taking it in bank accounts and doing slush funds and very bad things with the money that we gave them as aid.
And it was very bad. Very, very, very bad. And I keep seeing it and the Lord keeps warning.
I need to turn my thing on. Okay, keep going. What was I saying before all that, son?
You were saying, I know, but it was important about President Trump in the 14th, and we see it and they busted it.
Oh, praying over America for the 4th of July. Praying over these battering rams.
I saw these trucks concerning this, the 9-1-1 system, the beginning of, I believe, a test run.
Show them that. Again, I'm going over it because y'all need to know. And then I saw snipers on buildings in Miami.
I saw snipers in major cities waiting at hospitals for people to be rushed in and they were taking out responders.
9-1-1 outages are being reported across several US states with officials urging residents to use alternate emergency numbers.
Call them directly. Right? So, I believe this is on purpose.
This isn't normal. So, we will continue to pray. That's what we're here for.
So, it encouraged me that our FBI had it together and we stopped these idiots from trying to cause mass casualties with snipers and drones trying to hurt these people at President Trump's birthday party.
And we give all glory to Jesus, y'all. Here it is. iHeartRadio.
iHeartRadio. 9-1-1 problems reported in several states. June 16, 2026.
That's today, huh? No. Oh, it is. Oh, I think they updated it.
Yeah, it was last night. It was last night, but I showed it last night. This is what we saw.
But I saw a device that looked like something out of Ocean's 11 that was in a back of a train car that would try to cause massive power outages.
It looked like something out of Ocean's 11. It looked like some kind of a reactor.
I don't know what this thing was in the back of a train car going down the tracks.
Okay. Is that it? Yeah. Which one? I don't know, baby. I don't know what else you had.
I had Zelenskyy and then he was talking about Trump. Yeah, Zelenskyy talking about Trump.
Yeah. Go ahead. Play it. Come on. Everything's good. Yeah. When did you write?
At night? At night not to sleep, but and how long do you stay here? Yeah.
Interesting that I will be tomorrow here because I have to go to the 18th to Brazil, that's why I will meet all the because I need to come to Brazil.
So first do you have a bilateral being organized, President?
Yes. He said if you want me on Sunday will run tomorrow. Thank you for a difficult meeting with Trump.
Yeah, it should be. It was a difficult meeting. Should be. I said I saw this man conspiring in the days ahead to try to hurt our President.
And now I'm not trying to, you know, it's what I saw in a vision.
Go ahead. He probably wants 10 million drones. Yeah. I want to hear it.
He's going to produce 10 million drones this year. He's using them. Yeah, he said production.
He's going to make more drones, about 10 million drones during this year, but we can double.
And first of all he was very positive that they can help us more with missiles and this is a big challenge really because the production is not so big as our needs.
The production is in the United States. I raised the topic of licenses.
I addressed it to President Trump. We need licenses to produce missiles.
We have capabilities. It's difficult to produce Patriot systems and missiles.
Yes, I know I had a lot of, believe me, I had a lot of meetings and calls with Raytheon with his company with their management and etc.
I know I'm deeply in this topic but in any way we want to increase their production if they will be okay and if President Trump will support this idea.
But now he was positive in any way, so we need to do this from the European side.
We really need for the world to try to produce a European anti-ballistic system which has to be strong and, between us, better to be cheaper. Yes.
And than the world names what we have now but otherwise we will not have enough otherwise Europe will not have enough otherwise the Middle East will not have enough.
I don't know about Asia, I don't know their needs what they want and etc.
But I'm talking about the countries whom I know personally, what I know their needs.
So that's why this is an important alternative on which we will work. Got it.
But so just so I'm trying to figure this out, but they're saying that they're talking about making missiles.
Dark missiles launch from balloons like they go in the atmosphere and so they fly instead of being caught for long range.
Yeah. Interesting. Okay. And then Trump. I want you to play the Trump what he said about Benjamin today that we I'm going to use...
Syria. Yes. Okay. Not this one. You can play both clips you showed me at breakfast.
Okay. Okay. This is it. Huh? This is the one. Syria. Okay. Go.
Syria, you know, he's pulled that country together amazingly quickly.
He's very capable and he's been very good for me. He's protected everything that I've asked for, he's done.
And if Israel can't do the job without killing everyone else, he'll do the job.
Syria will do the job. Play it again. Syria, you know, he's pulled that country together amazingly quickly.
He's very capable. And he's been very good for me. He's protected everything that I've asked for, he's done.
And if Israel can't do the job without killing everyone else, he'll do the job. Syria will do the job. Okay, next.
I've had a great relationship with Bibi, but now Bibi has to be more responsible with respect to Lebanon.
Lebanon used to be a great country. It was a country where you had professors, doctors, lawyers.
The great intellect was in Lebanon. Now it's just it's terrible.
Are you frustrated with Netanyahu? No. We had a great relationship. We're talking about some end details.
I didn't like that he did an attack based on a, you know, there was a very minor little thing with some drones that were released and he ends up doing a very...
I saw that attack. I saw where that bomb went. Did you see what happened?
That was a vicious, that was too much. You know, you can do too much also.
But we've had a very effective relationship. Without us, without the United States, there would be no Israel.
What would a Ukraine deal look like? Well, we have one, but we had a good meeting.
I'm meeting him later on, too. We had a very good meeting. Look, Russia should make a deal.
Russia's lost tremendous amounts of people, and so is Ukraine.
Last month they lost 35,000 soldiers between the two of them.
On a monthly basis they averaged 25,000 people, mostly soldiers.
That's a lot of people. 25,000 plus a month die in this war. He kind of stands alone, don't he?
He knows who all of them are. He's like, I'm not going to go around anymore.
It's like he saw he had his back to all of them. And look, there's the lady at Italy.
There's Modi. Yeah. And then there's the Japan, is it Germany?
He's like, I'm not going to talk to any of y'all. This is UK. I don't know who some of these people are.
I don't know who that man is. Interesting. Okay. Yeah. So, what was it about that that was interesting to me?
Here he is. He's begging for money again. Would you give us money? Please help us. All right.
What I'm concerned about is when he starts back in Syria and saying that they're better after that man was a brutal murderer of Christians and was a radical Islamic man, the head of Syria, and he's saying, well, if he does, he's done everything what that we've asked him to do.
Well, that don't make you good. And the problem that I have is I've seen Turkey and Syria in the days ahead and I saw a planned attack with people with red hats on marching out of Syria and Turkey in the days ahead.
And they were all like ground troop invasion is coming from Turkey.
And I saw red hats. And when this happened, the United States wasn't there. And the Lord said, 'Ezekiel 38 and 39 are at the door.
The hook in the jaw.'We're about to see something that is of biblical proportions, based on what we know the Word says.
Ezekiel 38 and 39 are coming. And I've asked Miss Billie about it, Sister Billie and them, about the Rapture—is it before or after and all that. And I'm still trying to figure it all out, y'all.
You know, people like Rick Renner and Perry Stone, those guys, they know the Word when it comes to the Tribulation and Revelation, and they've got it dissected and digested and spit up again like a cow.
It's amazing to listen to some of these people when it comes to the Word like that.
The Book of Revelation is one that I go, 'Wow,'you know, and Daniel, and mixing it all together to see where we are.
And I just know what the Holy Spirit has told me inside. I know people go, 'Brandon, you say things and you say we're the generation that won't taste death.
Is that you saying that or is that the Lord saying that?'No, that came out of prayer. And you know what it came out of?
I was concerned about my little girl, and I was sitting before Him one day and I said, 'Lord, Megan is overcoming.'I said, 'I'm getting older and my wife's getting older, and I know You know this.'I'm just having my conversation with Him.
I said, 'Should I have some kind of fund for her, a GoFundMe or something?'Back whenever I was living across from my grandmother, I said, 'I don't know what we're going to do to supply for her in the days ahead.
I don't know what to do and I don't want to be in worry about this, but she's getting older.
We're all getting older here.'You're always thinking as a good father, 'If I die and my wife dies, what's going to happen with my child who can't talk or bathe herself or do all these things?'And so I was going over that and the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, you're not going to have to worry about that.
You will be the generation that does not taste death.'And I stopped and I just started weeping because whenever I heard it, it was that clear.
That's where I got that from. I was in great intercessory prayer for my daughter.
And He said, 'Brandon, you will be the generation that doesn't—your generation will not taste death.'And I grabbed onto it.
When people say, 'Where does that come from?'that's where that came from. It came out of a lot of pain.
And when He warned me about it, I had peace and I've clung to that ever since.
'You will be the generation that will not taste death. I'm coming.
Jesus is standing at the door.'And that's why I'm so dogmatic about it, to keep saying it from the mountaintops, to warn you of what I've heard in my own private prayer time.
And I want to always have an urgency in your heart that you realize that we're running out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming. If you truly have a relationship with Him, you can sense it.
You can feel the pulse of it in the Spirit in intercessory prayer. And that's why I don't try to call myself a prophetic voice.
I mean, I have people call me and say, 'Hey, prophet, how are you doing?'I don't get caught up in all those names: apostles, pastors, and all that.
If you're a pastor and you lead people, praise God. I have a church here.
This is my online church; I call it my prayer church group, and I'm so thankful for every single one of you that come out.
I would love to have four walls if the Lord would allow me to and to open a building.
I've had people want me to do that, but I don't know what that would look like for me.
All I know is that God said, 'I want you to do this right now.'And it won't always be like this, but there will be a day when He says 'don't.'And when that day happens, I'll let you know.
But until then, I occupy with what He told me to do until He comes. And so, I'm thankful for every single one of you.
My goal is to raise up a million men and women prayer army, to have the largest prayer group in the world, and in doing so, we'll change the nations by prayer.
I truly believe that prayer changes things. And as I was praying last night, I saw what I saw.
It changed my life. I saw the throne, high and lifted up. A whirlwind of fire.
And I saw two massive angels on both the right and left, and they had massive wings that were covering their faces.
They could not look at Him. They were covering their faces with their wings.
The glory of the Lord was so strong. And I could feel the presence.
I felt like I was going to melt as I was looking at it. And I just kept—it made me weep as I was looking. And I could feel the presence of the Lord as I started.
I said, 'Lord, what do You want me to pray about?'Now, I know I might be skipping around here, but He wanted me to pray over the people in Africa for the Ebola virus.
And I saw people dying by the truckloads from the Ebola virus. I saw young people. And He said, 'It's not your time.
Go back and give an account of what you've seen.'And I saw people being raised from the dead in Africa. I saw people that had gone to hell.
I saw witch doctors that had weird things in their noses and their hair looked really nasty and ratty.
They died and went to hell and God brought them back out of mercy, and I saw them giving an account.
And they had great influence in the African tribes and communities. These witch doctors did.
They had great influence, and when they gave an account of when they went to hell, they got born again and they started witnessing to the people all throughout Africa.
And I saw people getting born again by the tens of thousands from these voodoo people, these African tribal men that were witch doctors, who gave their hearts to Jesus Christ when they came back from hell.
And the Lord showed me to come against that Ebola virus, and we were praying over the people. And as we prayed, I saw a dissipating of this.
As we were praying to stop the spread of Ebola in Africa today, Braden said, 'Today there were more casualties so far in the Ebola virus than they've had.'So of any day, today was the highest death count rate.
So we are praying against this. The DRC reports record numbers of Ebola cases in a single day as the outbreak hits the one-month mark.
That happened today, and the Lord had us praying over that. And so, I believe we made great ground concerning Africa and stopping this Ebola spread.
I saw great revival coming to them. As I saw the rain begin to fall, I saw the glory coming on Africa and a shaking started to happen around the world.
He said, 'It's time for the floodgates to open.'And I saw the floodgates begin to open.
I saw the water begin to flow. Major rivers of revival are going to start to flow.
And I saw a shaking of these nations: Africa, Asia. The Lord had me praying over that.
Then we saw—praying over Africa—I saw it was mainly about Ebola last night, praying over Ebola and the glory.
I could feel the presence of the Lord. And then He brought out the passing by.
He said, 'My goodness will pass by you, My mercy in another wave.'And I saw when Moses—He got the scripture out.
He said, 'Show me Your glory.'And He held him in the cleft of the rock.
And as the Lord passed, He said, 'I'll not allow you to see My face.'But as he passed by, his goodness and his mercy, the Lord said, "It is the goodness of God that brings man to repentance."Another wave of my goodness and mercy is going to flood this world one more time.
I saw him take his hand and he breathed upon it. I saw goodness and mercy go over the people, the glory of the Lord, and the former rain and the latter rain.
A greater outpouring like we've ever seen before will hit this earth like a Holy Ghost rushing wind.
The Holy Ghost rushing wind. Goodness and mercy. I want to encourage you; this is the scripture the Lord gave last night.
Early in the morning, the Lord descended in the cloud and stood with him there and proclaimed the name of the Lord.
The Lord passed before him and proclaimed, "The Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, abounding in goodness and truth, keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgressions and sin, by no means clearing the guilty."The Lord passed before him and proclaimed, "The Lord, the Lord, the merciful and gracious."So he said, "Mercy and grace."I don't believe that was the way it read last night.
I saw mercy. The Lord said, "I will cause my goodness to pass in front of you, and I will proclaim my name, the Lord in his presence.
I will have mercy, his goodness and his mercy."That is when I saw a new wave of his goodness and his mercy, a new tidal wave of the glory of the Lord.
When he said, "Show me your glory,"as we were praying for the people of Africa and the Ebola virus, this is what came out of it.
I saw the angels have their hands on their face, their wings, massive wings, and they were covering their eyes.
I thought it was interesting to watch that. They were not looking; they were not able to see him that close.
They were sheltering their face from the glory. He was a whirlwind of fire, like a pillar of fire.
It melted me. It was something in that vision last night. I told Braden, "My goodness, in South Korea."I saw South Korea.
That was about the goodness and mercy. It was concerning the Sooner's, concerning crypto again.
Goodness and mercy. They are trying to derail. JPMorgan was doing it.
I used the word because it is from him, because I don't talk that way.
He is trying to lobby against the Clarity Act. I heard lobbying trying to get them to flip.
To me, that was a major thing, what I was seeing to pray for the Clarity Act.
There was a major earthquake that struck Indonesia today at 6.9.
I usually mute it. A major earthquake in China, too. I will show you that in a minute.
I was trying to find more videos, but X went down. Here is another video of it.
It split the roads off. I believe I can play this audio if you want to hear.
I saw splits in the road and you couldn't see down into the ground.
So that is a major earthquake. A big earthquake in China, 6.4.
That happened today. He said he was going to shake temples down.
He said it is shaking. You are going to see violent earthquakes.
I saw temples that were thousand-year-old temples be shaken to the ground.
That happened today. Two earthquakes in one day. Two big ones, two massive ones.
He said he is going to shake down thousand-year-old temples.
There is a meteor again. This was on the 14th. This is a big one.
The Lord said we would see that from April 1st all the way through the summer.
He said it would increase. This is Missouri. It is really big. It looks like a firework. Russia and Turkey had a meeting.
The Lord said Turkey will come to the aid of Russia in the days ahead. They had a meeting on the Black Sea.
I said they will start beating their war drums and they will take over the Black Sea, the strait.
Israel's stance on the region is not just a problem for a few countries; it is a problem for the entire world and the entire world is aware of it.
He is talking about Israel. I have a problem with Trump saying what he said about using Syria and their better ally.
Basically, they do what I tell them to do. It is not about doing what you tell them to do.
Turkey is friends of Syria and they want to come against Israel.
There is going to be a major betrayal from the United States and Israel.
Russia and Turkey support look, I am telling you I saw Turkey joining up with Russia and I saw them coming against Israel in the days ahead.
They are going to shut off the strait with the Black Sea. He puts on a vampire cloak and I said, "Here, it is happening."They went to Russia today.
Those dignitaries, Turkey's people, are talking about the Black Sea.
I said, "This is what is going to happen."I see this in a vision and they are going to be talking about the Black Sea, the strait.
They are going to shut off the waterway and they are going to come out as a tyrant in the days ahead like a vampire.
We see it. It is starting to happen. The first fruits of it, the Black Sea right there, talks about Ukraine and the Black Sea.
Turkey will help Russia in the days ahead. It will be a major major escalation of unconventional weapons of war.
We are tired of playing the cat and mouse game. I was in a meeting and I heard him say it. Putin was talking to that man in Ukraine.
"What can you do to help us so no other people can come to the aid of Ukraine through the Black Sea?"They said, "We will shut off the waterway."I saw them shut the waterway off.
He used unconventional weapons of war to silence what is going on in Europe right now. It was about Poland. He struck Warsaw.
I am still waiting for them to give him Tomahawk missiles, these long-range missiles for Zelensky.
I wonder who is going to do it. I believe it could be France. I kept seeing France giving him the long-range missiles to strike deep into Russia.
And France has them. Oh, the underwater volcano! Is this new?
Yeah, it is what they're saying. I don't know, but it's true. It's true.
They're saying an underwater volcano—I talked about this in the last video—is about to erupt.
I said I saw an underwater volcano because of those fish dying.
I said, 'Watch these fish.'I said, 'An underwater volcano is about to erupt outside of Oregon, and when it does, it's going to cause major damage.'And I saw 30,000 people die in British Columbia.
30,000 people pass away in British Columbia, and it will cause great financial hardship to Canada.
And I saw them saying, 'We want to secede from Canada and become part of America.'And I saw people leaving Canada with their Quebec and all, you know, and they were saying, 'Hey, we want to leave Canada.'And they wanted to become one of our states.
And people said, 'Are you sure you saw British Columbia?'I said, 'After the earthquake.'It happens after the earthquake.
Vancouver wants to leave because of the earthquake because they don't get aid like they want.
They're not getting the money. There's something bad. And I saw 30,000 people go home in Vancouver because of this event.
And it shook Portland, Seattle, and the Space Needle. It shook all of it, and it was bad.
I saw a tsunami wave coming in when this happens—a major tsunami wave.
So, we see stuff about it. I pray that doesn't happen with all my heart. I pray it doesn't happen.
But the more I saw it, it was a big quilt that was tied down in the spirit realm over the area, that was tied down over Yellowstone. And Yellowstone had a quilt tied down to it.
And all of a sudden, because of the people turning their nose to God in the area and they had a stiff neck, I saw that quilt, that covering, be lifted.
And that's when that major stuff starts happening up there: seismic activity. Now, listen to this. This is cool.
We were praying for Mel Gibson back when Mel Gibson didn't even have the script written.
And the Lord said he's going to make a movie, a new Passion of the Christ movie.
And when he makes this movie and it comes out, there'll be revival in the movie theaters.
There'll be revival in the churches when people play the movie at their church.
I saw people having tracts, camped out at movie theaters, buying a ticket.
And when the movie was over and people were crying in the movie, I saw them passing these tracts out and people were having revival and being healed and born again in movie theaters across America and the world, wherever they were having it.
And I said, 'Watch this movie.'And I said, the Lord said, 'Pay attention to the script, do not deviate from the Word and add yourself to it.
Stay as close as you can to the Word.'And the Lord said, 'Pray for him,'for I saw witches and people coming against him for funding.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for $50 million.'Remember that. Pray for $50 million.
Intercede for fifty. He reminded me of that right then. That was not Brandon Biggs.
The Lord said, 'Do you remember?'I remember, Father. He reminds me.
He gives me so many things that I put them on a shelf and he brings them back by the Spirit. Holy Spirit helps me because He shows me a lot nowadays.
So I have to go, 'Okay.'Braden said, 'Do you not remember this about what that word said about that?'I said, 'Oh, Braden, he can remember that.'He writes it and keeps it all down.
He is my scribe, and so Braden is able to pull it all up. God's blessed Braden.
He is very intelligent like his mother. Listen to this. This is it.
Play it. You've got to play it. I got excited about this because I know what's coming. I got a microphone.
I just want to tell you all thank you so much for all your efforts, all your talents, all your skills, and the efforts you put in to make this madness come true.
And thank you for joining me in that madness, and I'll do my best head forward to sort of put a spit shine on this thing and make you all proud.
I'm certainly proud of all of you and I thank you so much from the depth of my heart.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you. Look at the disciples.
Jesus is back there. I'm excited. I just go, 'Woohoo!'We prayed this through.
He made it. The first movie is over. And praying over writer's block.
The Lord had us interceding for his mind for writer's block on the script.
And we prayed over that and prayed over that at the same time we were praying over Elon Musk to get born again—and still do.
That he'll use Starlink for the glory of God before he uses it for the Beast system.
Before Neuralink turns into the beast and the mark of the beast and he uses it all for that.
Let's use it first. It's not funny. It's the truth. It's coming.
He'll use Starlink in the days ahead for the Antichrist. Watch.
I've seen it. But Mel Gibson is done with the first movie. We prayed that through, ladies and gentlemen. The $50 million.
I don't know how much the budget was, but the Lord said, 'Pray for $50 million.'And we prayed for it and now he finished.
And I was so excited because we had a big part of that praying for him. Still do. I pray for him all the time.
I know there's a lot of you bring it up: 'Are you praying for Mel Gibson?'Yes.
Pray for Mel Gibson. And so there's going to be two movies, a sequel to it.
So, it's exciting. We've got to pray for the sequel now. But hey, he's finished.
It's a wrap. We did it. It's over. Thank you for doing this. Wow.
I thought, 'Wow. Praise God.'And he has Crocs on. Yeah. Isn't that neat? He came underneath a lot.
He lost his house in Malibu whenever all the fires happened and everything.
And it was a hard time for him back then and lost all his furniture, everything.
I know he had insurance, I'm sure, but it's still... it's terrible to lose your stuff in a fire.
But yeah. So, anything else? I mean this is what Germany said. Okay. So Russia is... Germany is ready to fight Russia.
'We're ready to fight Russia tonight,'vows head of German Air Force.
'We're ready to go.'See, I said they don't want to deescalate.
They want to escalate because the euro is in trouble. Remember this.
I said, 'Watch what's coming.'I said I saw this and now here Germany wants to jump in as they're summoning the Hitler spirit with sacrifices to Molech and they were doing it on the Pergamon Altar—they were trying...
it's some kind of... I don't want to call it the Pergamon Altar, but it was some kind of altar.
But Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over me. I plead the blood over my family, over my wife, my kids.
I thank You, Father, for the time of prayer, that it's not about us, it's about You. And Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over everything.
And we take the body and we're so thankful, Father, that You died for every one of us.
That You suffered for every single one of us. Lord, we're so grateful, Father, that You call us Your own.
And through much is given, much is required. And Father, I thank You, Lord, that we'll make it.
That when we get on the other side, You'll say, 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant.'That's all I'm looking for.
I'm so thankful, Father, for Your friendship. I'm so thankful, Father, that You correct those.
You say You correct those that You love. And Father, that must mean You love me a lot.
I'm so thankful, Father, for the corrections. I'm so thankful, Father, when You spank me. Thank You, Lord, that You correct those You love.
That Father, even whenever the flesh doesn't like it, I'm so grateful, Father, that You have enough to say to me all the time.
And Father, I look forward to the day that You don't have to correct me so much.
Lord, I thank You for the body and we take this in the name of Jesus and we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for all that You've done for us.
For all that you've provided: for our health, for our wealth, for our minds, our emotions, our marriage, and my kids.
Thank you, Lord, for all the family members here tonight. And thank you, Lord, that we get the job done.
And then when we close our eyes, we say we put in a good day of prayer.
Lord, we are so thankful. We take the body in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
Lord, we take the blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
It never loses its power, and great is your faithfulness towards us. Lord, thank you for the blood.
Father, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, I plead the blood of Jesus over me and over this time.
And I put a bloodline around this house; I put a bloodline all around us, Father, from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
We cover it, Father, and we hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We apply the blood, and we thank you, Lord, for the blood. We thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power.
And we're so grateful, Father, in the name of Jesus. Amen and amen.
Take the blood. All right, here we go. Holy Spirit, we yield.
We yield to the anointing of the prophetic; we yield to the anointing of the watcher. You show us that which is to come.
I thank you, Lord, that we go vertical and we always attract to deflect, putting our eyes on you because it's all of you and none of us anyway.
Thank you, Father. We're here. I'll have no other, for I'll love you only. I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
Here in your arms, I'll always be at rest in the precious love you have for me.
I love you, oh, how I love you. I love you, oh, how I love you. I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone. I love you, oh, how I love you.
I love you, oh, how I love you. I'll have no other, for I'll love you only.
I love you, oh, how I love you. I'll have no other, for I'll love you only. I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
Here in your arms, I'll always be at rest in the precious love you have for me. I love you, oh, how I love you. I love you.
You see, there are so many of you—when I heard it right then—there are so many that run from God when you sin.
You run to God when you sin. You run to God even whenever you mess up.
You don't hide like Adam and Eve did and say, 'Oh, we're naked.''How'd you know that?''Well, we ate the fruit.'You run to God.
'I messed up.'Even if it doesn't seem like you did much, when you grieve the Holy Spirit, that peace that passes understanding feels like it has been quenched. You can feel the pull.
And the moment you worship, the moment you run to God, the moment you take care of communion—maybe you have a problem with alcohol, pornography, drugs, or whatever—sin separates us from the Lord.
And the wages of sin is death. And the more you practice sin, you become callous.
When you have the Holy Spirit, he corrects you quickly. Run to God immediately. When you get off track, it's that horse that's broken.
And that's why I always try to be so quick to apologize even whenever I act a fool, because you always want to maintain that sensitivity to the Holy Spirit because he will lead you and guide you in all things.
And the more you're sensitive to him and you're quick to repent and you're quick to have a heart after him, the more you are able to catch when you're off a little bit.
You don't want to go off in a ditch because you don't have ears to hear, but the moment even if it's something so small, you can feel that it's off.
Like it wasn't me just a minute ago; it may seem like something so small that probably is bigger than it should have been in my heart.
I don't know, all I know is I grieved him. And the moment you feel that, you are so quick to address it.
If a plane deviates just a little bit, you go way off the wrong way.
But if you always maintain that heading with him, he will lead you and guide you into all things.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the daughters and the sons of God.
I always throw women in there because you're children, too, right?
It says the sons of God, but we know it's women, too, being led by him.
And that's why you have to be so quick to acknowledge when you grieve it.
'Grieve not thy Holy Spirit and take him not from me,'David said. And I always listen to Kathryn.
She said it all the time: 'Oh, take not thy Holy Spirit.'It seems so dramatic, and I thought, 'What man?
I've never seen a lady talk like that before in my life. What is she talking about?'Until I started trying to practice his presence that way.
And I knew immediately there's certain things where you can feel it and you go, 'Oh.'And the absence, whenever that cloak doesn't come on prophetically—when you see as a watchman, I feel that cloak come on and it doesn't come on—I said, 'I don't even feel like I've got my toes in the water.'How you maintain his presence: practice his presence, and the more you practice, he will become so real to you.
To whom much is given, much is required; you have to stay vertical.
And the more you die to self and you're on that potter's wheel, the greater glory—the greater glory comes from the potter's wheel.
For these sufferings, these trials, these bring forth the greater glory, the potter's wheel.
That's what I'm trying to teach you people. So many times, people say, 'Brennan, teach me, help me,'and this is it.
This is the key to the success of your relationship: always be sensitive to what grieves him.
'Cast me not away from thy presence and take not thy Holy Spirit from me,'David said.
You can feel the Holy Spirit is sensitive to things. You can feel atmospheres.
He has an opinion about everything all the time. 'Don't go around that person.
I want you to keep away.'He has an opinion. 'I don't want you talking to them so much.
You talk too much to them.'Is it for them or for you? I don't know, just listen to him.
'I don't want you on the phone that much; I don't want you doing this; I don't want you doing that.'But if you're quick to obey, like the horse is to the correction, the more he will reveal himself to you.
Staying on that, you might have a big plank before and you're walking on it, and it gets smaller, and then it's a ruler, then it's a string, and then you're going, 'I don't think I can get anything smaller.'It's so small, I think it's going to be dental floss next time, and I'll be walking on dental floss.
I'll be like, 'I am barely on this thing.'But I'm trying because much is given, much is required, and I ask him for a lot all the time: 'Show me your glory.
Show me who you are. I want to know you more.'But not so much just 'show me who you are'; I want to be more like you.
I want to imitate God as dear children imitate their fathers.
Imitate God. And God is a God of love. Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Love bears up under anything and everything that comes. Love doesn't gossip.
Why? Because God is love and God is perfect. We're made in his image.
We're joint-heirs of Jesus Christ. As he is, so are we in this world.
And I say, 'Oh God, make me more like you.'And the more you're more like him and the more he's refining you, the more you realize how much your flesh is involved whenever you're not.
When I say that kind of stuff, how much do you think that you're dead and you're not?
That's what I mean. You go, "Oh man, I got a long ways to go. Create in me a clean heart, Father.
Create in me a clean heart. I can't do this without you."I don't know, that might help somebody.
I got something. He said, "I want you to pray over the Fourth of July, Brandon."See His mercy.
If He's merciful towards me, He'll be even more merciful towards you.
Trust me, He's merciful. I see a stage with an American flag.
So pretty. The gas from Italy, the gas coming up from the ground.
I see a major earthquake right then, too. I see the earth beginning to shake.
I see cracks in Italy's soil. I see major earthquakes coming to Italy.
Italy will be shaken. This is concerning. I see Rome. I see the Vatican.
I'm telling you, a major earthquake is coming. But I see gases coming up as volcanoes become active.
Major volcanoes come up. I see a blue crab. What has caused that crab to turn blue?
He is light blue. It turns into white, light, dark blue, and almost black at the tip of his claws. I see a crab. What does that mean?
Shells with white at the top that flood down to a lighter blue the closer it gets to the edge of its shell.
I see the ground shaking. I see mopeds falling into the ground.
I see a red car that looks like a Mini Cooper. I see it again. The Lord showed this to me last night, didn't He, Braden?
I see gases, canaries in the coal mines. I see that people will be infected by the gas coming up from the ground.
The gas in their houses is a deadly gas that you can't smell. Is it methane? Braden, look up the word methane. I hear the word methane.
Methane's odorless, but it comes up from the ground from volcanoes, son. Methane. I don't add to or take away from.
I hear methane and I see it; it's poison in the nose, the canary in the coal mine.
Honey, where is methane from? We'll find out later. Just keep track of this.
The Lord said it doesn't matter, keep pressing. I see buildings, old buildings shaking.
I see a volcano on the coastline. The closer it gets, I see the volcano, I see gases, I see eruptions.
I see all the black soot, the stuff coming up out of the earth, magma, the fault.
Two at the same time: one in the water and one on land. I want to see, it's by Pompeii. It could be—I hear the word Pompeii, but it's not Pompeii.
It's off to the distance of Pompeii, in the direction of Pompeii, to the south of Pompeii.
We're in Chicago now. I see two hotels, twin hotels. I believe these are Trump buildings with glass fronts.
I see underneath a parking garage. I see a white van with no windows in the parking garage.
I see cement pillars by the van. Oh Father, I see the Statue of Liberty and her light is flickering.
I see the Statue of Liberty and her torch is flickering. It's turning into a white light.
The flame is going out. It's flickering almost like a strobe. I see the Statue of Liberty's flame flickering.
Above it, there are clouds that look like smoke all around it.
You know when you see light in a fog how it penetrates the fog?
Her torch is in the air and there's a fog around the torch, and the flame is flickering.
I see no stars. Repair the repairs. We pray over the Macy's Fireworks show.
Every plot, every plan, and every pursuit across this land, we call it naught in the name of Jesus.
What are the coils? I see copper coils that are thread-like. It's intertwined like a conduit.
There's more than one string, multiple of them like spaghetti. I see a circle in the middle of it.
It's a structure with a center in it, and it's copper, the size of a thread that you would sew with.
It's a device. I heard the Lord say it's a device. Open our eyes so we can see. I see a spark plug fastened to this thing.
At the top it's bigger, and as it goes down, the coil is bigger at the bottom. It's attached to a stick that goes into the ground.
It's wrapped into a stake, a metal dowel rod that goes into the ground for concrete.
I see New Orleans. I see Houston. I see San Francisco, Dallas, New York.
I see women dressed in provocative clothes but with American flags on their arms.
I see patriotic sparkles, red and white stripes. They look like showgirls.
They're celebrating. I see 250 on their skin like paint. I see Bourbon Street.
I see Mardi Gras. I see the buildings where the bars are. I see people dressed up provocatively.
They look like they're celebrating the 250th. I see top hats. I see people dressed up like Uncle Sam.
This is very serious because the vision is very clear, vibrant, and colorful.
Something to do with the air. They can't see it. Who is Cyrus?
I hear Cyrus. Macron. Venom. Macron. Venom. Keys just to supervise.
Supervised. There's venom. There's venom. I see venom. Father, we pray for President Trump.
We pray for his heart. No heart attacks. No venom. You have to see through the politics.
Don't stay there at Macron. He'll be safer on Air Force One. Do you know that snake?
That is a brown snake. The venom of a brown snake. It just takes a minute.
That's what I heard the Lord say. It just takes a little bit. The venom of a brown snake, just a speck, to overthrow Rome.
We thank you, Lord. I see a brown snake, like in Australia, that is very poisonous.
I see hearts. Just a scratch of it. I thank you, Father. The angels of the Lord, protect him.
Protect Kai, Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka. Protect him, Father.
Put angels all around those family members. Put it around his marriage.
Put it around JD Vance. Put it around Marco Rubio. I see a ploy against Marco.
I see a badger coming against Marco Rubio. I see a German Shepherd coming against Marco Rubio.
The badger and the German Shepherd are friends. Do you know like a mongoose, Braden?
It's black and white like a mongoose that takes on cobras. It's a honey badger, like those things that can fight off snakes.
I see a badger with its black and white, with a pointed-looking nose, and it's coming against Marco Rubio with a German Shepherd.
It looks almost like a skunk, but it's not. It's a solid black-looking thing and it has white on its sides, almost like a porcupine.
A badger. That's what I heard the Spirit of the Lord say. This is what's coming against Marco Rubio with a German Shepherd.
The German Shepherd is not dominant in the vision, but the badger is very dominant.
Zelensky, the Lord said, "You got to come up higher."There's much more to see.
Oh, the glory of your presence. We give you reverence. Come up to the throne.
I'm back in New Orleans again. Why do we keep going there, Lord?
What are you showing me? What is going on with New Orleans? It has to do with Cuba.
I see Cuba now. I see the fox. It has to do with Cuba, France, and New Orleans. I see the fox looking toward New Orleans.
You know on a gas stove when you turn on the pilot light and you hear that tick-tick-tick?
I see a blue flame on a pilot light. It's on a timer. It's with that coil with that copper thread.
I see a grounding and an ignition switch. This is for a device.
I can see it. I'm in a dark room. I see the blinds are shut. I can see the light coming through.
It's a hotel room. They're like old plantation-style wood blinds. You can see through the crack. They're brown blinds.
It looks like a French-style house on Bourbon Street with the old black iron on the front.
I see blinds that are folded, and I'm in a room and it's dark, and I see a coil and I see gas ticking on this coil. It's like a pilot light with an igniter switch.
I see the front of this thing and the people below, and I see this thing blow its whole side off of the building.
Bricks fall, and I see the people down below it. It's a device. Father, we take authority over it.
We pray over every plot, every plan, every mass destruction plan.
We call it not in Jesus'name across the land, just like you did at the UFC fighter event.
You came through, Lord, and you had the FBI bust them. Father, we thank you that it happens again and again.
Every time they try to stick their head up like whack-a-ole, you hit them in the head with it.
Our FBI, Homeland Security, and CIA—the people that are good—we thank you, Lord, that you give them super intelligence.
We pray over President Trump's heart. I say in the name of Jesus, your heart is strong, sir.
We pray over your blood flow, your veins, and your heart. In the name of Jesus, I pray over any kind of secret venom to be exposed.
It's traceable. A speck is deadly. It's a speck of this brown mamba looking snake.
We pray over his heart, his lungs, and his body. You know when you get flushed, like you have racing AFib?
I hear AFib, like you get an adrenaline rush. I see flush on his neck and cheeks like you're having a stroke.
This is very serious. It's cherry red around his neck. Every plot against the President, we call it down in Jesus'name.
We plead the blood over our president, his family, his children, and his wife.
Every planned attack, we put the angels of the Lord. He'll eat any deadly thing and it wouldn't harm him. He'll drink any deadly thing and it would not harm him.
We pray Psalm 91 over him, that we can take up serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
Covered by the blood of Jesus. We pray supernatural protection over President Trump in Jesus'name.
I see the man on the roof. Get off the roof and walk away. I see the man with the 50-caliber weapon.
Get off the roof and walk away. I heard abort. I heard abort. I see another plot, more sinister.
I see the man on the roof walk away. He grabs it, has it on his shoulder, and he walks away.
He's coming down off the building. I see the man who is hidden get away, and he's walking away.
I see a fork in the road. Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord. We saw a fork in the road.
Abort, abort. I hear it clear. Abort. I hear this. He said, they say 'abort'.
He has it in his ear, 'abort'. Praise you, Father. Thank you, Lord.
Father, the same again. We pray a protection over President Trump today.
Pray. Thank you, Lord. I see events, a lot of celebrations for the 250th.
We pray for every event. This is vast. I see a catfish on a hook. It's a golden-looking hook. And the catfish is a blue cat.
It's a blue catfish, like we get out of the river when we go fishing.
It's a blue cat. It's a flathead. It looks like a flathead. It's a big channel cat.
What is that, Lord? To restore. I see a hurricane. I see the winds of the beginning of a hurricane.
I see a major hurricane in the Gulf. Come, you must pursue. The day is closing.
I see the Mississippi River. I see the bridge that goes across the Mississippi in New Orleans.
I'm seeing the bridge. I see the man on the horse. That's a church.
I see the beignets. I see the river. I see the man on the horse.
Father, we glorify your name in all the earth. We glorify your name. I see that volcano again.
I lost track that I was in front of a camera because I got caught up in the spirit and I'm looking over at things so much that I actually forgot I was on a live Braden.
It was amazing. Then I realized you're in front of a lot of people and I'm looking over.
I saw some things that I can't say out loud. I see people hiding in the White House.
I see President Trump in the White House. I see the Secret Service taking him somewhere downstairs.
They're pushing him and they grab a hold of him and they're making him go. He's in a protective spot.
I see the people and the visitors in there and they're ducking down, and I see these ladies screaming.
They're in nice dresses. Father, I thank you that he's protected during the Fourth of July celebration.
I'm not going to get overwhelmed because that's not the Holy Spirit.
But when you see all the things I see, sometimes it makes your flesh go, 'Wow.'So that's why I just have to take pauses and I pray and I sing, because these people on the left and these extremists are crazy.
We're not wrestling against flesh and blood; it's principalities and powers working through personalities.
We know the enemy knows his time is up and he is as frantic as he can be to cause strife.
That's why I keep praying: take counsel from no ungodly people. Follow the voice of the Lord.
Praying for him not to have that demonic thing pecking him in his head, to have clear thoughts knowing what the spirit of the Lord leads him to do. The pressure for midterms.
Thank you, Father, for our fire departments, local law enforcement, for our Sheriff's department, for our Secret Service that protects our president.
Lord, we're so thankful for Erica and her family, safe from any plots.
Thank you, Lord, for our judges, our Supreme Court judges. We pray over them. We pray over Clarence, specifically Thomas.
We pray over Clarence Thomas specifically concerning his health, his heart, his body.
Thank you, Lord, that he is strong. We pray strength over his blood, over his body.
In the name of Jesus, Clarence Thomas is healthy. His prostate, his heart, his body—we call health over him.
No weapon formed against Clarence Thomas will prosper in Jesus'name.
Lord, we expect Clarence Thomas to finish strong. No bad doctor's reports.
Healthy, whole, and well. Clarence Thomas is strong. He's healed and whole. He'll finish his race strong.
Expose the deep state over this nation and help Trump to have a backbone like a crowbar and not sway, knowing that this is the finale.
I'm seeing on the other side of 2026. January of 2027. Days of great fun have just begun.
God wants us to have life more abundantly. Heaven on earth. Enjoy your days on the earth as we pray.
I see a Frito chili pie. I haven't had that in a long time. I see sporting events like you get at the concession stand.
Enjoy your life. Get a Ring Pop. Enjoy your life. Days of fun have just begun for the body of Christ.
Get a Ring Pop. I don't know why that is. I don't even eat Ring Pops, but I hear it.
Get a Ring Pop. Enjoy life. That's what the Lord said. Like enjoy life, be a kid. Get a Frito chili pie. Enjoy life.
If we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more does your Heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love him?
He wants you to have heaven on earth. Blessings. Have fun with your kids, your wife, your husband.
Enjoy life. Get a Ring Pop, one of those little popsicles. Have fun.
Snow cone, a watermelon, some popcorn. Maybe a caramel apple.
Ice cream's fun. Go on a jog if you're fit. Go to the park, walk around, look at the ducks. Take a breath and enjoy what God's given you.
All these things I see tonight are heavy, and we'll continue to pray for them tomorrow.
Thank you for being here tonight. Thank you for praying with me and being a part of my prayer team. I appreciate every single one of you.
I'm humbled that you'd spend your time with me every day and pray with me and be a part of this prayer team.
And we're believing for a lot more. Thanks for putting up with me. I really do appreciate it.
Every single one of y'all, you could click out anytime you want, but a lot of you stick around, and many hands make light work.
I believe we push a lot in the spirit together. Everybody brings their supply.
Not one's greater than the other. We're all just the body of Christ pushing together that big old boulder.
We'll make it happen. I believe that with Jesus, we can do all things through Christ who strengthens us.
There's nothing too big, and there's nothing too small. Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
He loves you, and we love you. Thank you for being here tonight.
Thank you. God bless you all. We love you so much. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you, and we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.